they run we're at CES 2020 and I'm in
cyber PowerSuite this is the first visit
we're doing for the show Intel has a new
nook but it's pretty interesting because
basically a socketable mini computer in
that it will sock it into this baseboard
and then you've got we've got b-roll of
it the proper computer so it's got the
CPU on it the chipset all of that and
then the GPU will sock it in separately
which makes this very interesting for a
lot of reasons so we're gonna be talking
about this today we've done a complete
teardown of the CyberPower nacht mini PC
which is what they're calling their
version of the new nook I think it's the
ghost Canyon NOC is the actual code name
for it by Intel and then we've got a
cooler master case we need to look at
while we're at it before that this video
is brought to you by the Corsair
virtuoso RGB wireless gaming headset the
Corsair virtuoso headset is Comfort
focused with a set of memory foam ear
pads headband and lightweight
construction the virtuoso wireless
headphones use a 50 millimeter drivers
that range from 20 Hertz to 40 kilohertz
with a wireless connection that ranges
up to 60 feet Corsair also includes a
detachable high-quality microphone for
voice comms
learn more at the link in the
description below so first of all I've
done complete teardown here I'm not sure
that you'll see any other tear downs to
quite this depth during the show but
we'll see for the base specs the units
are shipping with a few different of the
i9 so there's an IEEE 999 80 HK intel
with the naming always on point so the
HK is an 8 for 16 thread processor which
I know I know that 99 88 core 16 thread
doesn't make a lot of sense to me either
but that's the high end of it for GPUs
obviously it does have the IGP
it's the same as the mobile part in that
regard but what this is really supposed
to be is a socketable system and the
reason I actually thought it was really
cool
I think most of you will even if you're
not planning to buy one is because this
whole computer builds just like this
where you have PCIe expansion slots in
the back of a case and we've got footage
of all this stuff we can drop in but DJ
expansion slots we drop in the
the computer expansion you drop in the
GPU and then the baseboard goes in at
the bottom there's going to be a
separate cooler master baseboard it's
this is all prototype right now so we're
using the Intel one reference baseboard
and you end up with something where
there's no no motherboard in the
standard sense so there's no mini ITX
motherboard that you screw into the into
the case or anything like that it all
just comes in a card that slots in so
the way they're planning to sell the
nook is there's two SKUs there's going
to be the Nook kit and then there's
going to be one that is they think it's
called the compute element and so the
bare-bones version is just basically
just the card you have to buy the RAM
the power supply the chassis so the
chassis typically would come with the
Nok products but not not in the
bare-bones instance here good buy a
separate chassis and then in terms of
fitment it's no no motherboard ATX ITX
any of that it's just PCIe so I just
thought that was kind of neat
mostly because I'm not really sure that
this is a potential future for this type
of products but socketable CPUs
effectively in a baseboard has potential
to go further than one CPU one GPU you
could see a path where maybe you do
something that's multiple computers
within the same box except in an
extremely small form-factor as opposed
to the traditional way to do multiple
pcs and a small box by just having ITX
and ATX in the same system all right so
enough talking about the basic points of
what they're trying to do let's look at
some of the components when I took this
thing apart the I guess there's it's a
little bit tricky but it's not too bad
so this is the top panel top panel has
two fan cables for I think it's my niece
of the mill fans at the top these are
cooler master fans because the cooler
master chassis so what CyberPower has in
its suite is the cooler master version
of the chassis
intel has one as well the cooler master
chassis is a 7.5 liter solution Intel's
are supposed to be closer to 5 I think
so Intel's won't be limited at about 1/8
inch video card for the video card
lengths and then the cooler master
chassis can go maybe 10.5 or so pretty
standard lengths so really small box but
at the top of its got your two fans that
are current
configured as exhaust and internally so
GPU sits at the front and in this
instance they've got a blower GPU but
you can configure whatever video card
you want in there if traditionally the
the I guess the traditional
understanding of blower cards is that
they should help get air out of the case
better than well axial but it kind of
depends on the chassis the Intel
solution this is the faceplate and
what's left of what I took apart so
Intel solutions got a small blower fan
on it and the way this one goes together
is this vapor chamber plus small vrm
heatsink for the voltage regulator will
mount onto the CPU and the chipset so
chipset throwing pads right there the
CPU is where the thermal paste is
residue is and then you've got a fin
stack connected to the vapor chamber and
then that stock gets all into here and
the blower fan just pushes it straight
at the top and we've got of course
footage of all that separately to you so
a pretty simple solution now obviously
the points of concern would be your
packing in a small computer behind a
video card which is potentially hot and
it's a blower fan there's not a ton of
clearance but from what I understand the
cooler master version of the space board
for cooler masters version of the case
is supposed to have a bit wider spacing
between the two so that should help a
bit and then the rest will figure out
and thermal testing leaders no point
really trying to look at it any further
than that right now because we just we
don't know really how much power the
system proper is drawing we get kind of
what the video cards are drawing but
anyway that's the basics of the assembly
I think for the PCB I've taken photos
for build Zoid in case he wants to do a
PCB analysis including the base board
but it's all pretty simple the base
board can support one MDOT two and it
does say PCIe SSD only it can support
the video card and then it's got the
actual nook unit plugging into it so
you've got by sixteen from the CPU
coming into the by 16 slot so what I'm
curious about is how do you distribute
by 16
in and by 16 out between a by 16 video
card and an SSD and the answers would be
either multiplexing I guess or don't
load both of them at 100% all the time
in which case you should have enough
bandwidth to go between the two as long
as it switches between them based on
load periods so I don't I will talk to
an Intel engineer about that for the
rest of it it's all pretty simple so
dims for the memory you are supposed to
buy your own but you can get sodium's
for that the cooling solution this
entire unit is prepackaged by Intel so
that doesn't change the rest of it is
semi modular let me check my notes for
the rest so the Intel kit the Intel
version of the case the 5 liter one
supports an 8 inch GPUs like I said it's
let's see it comes with a 500 watt
internal power supply the element does
not include a power supply you'd have to
buy one they are 2 m dot 2 slots for
both the compute element and the the kit
but raid 0 and 1 are only supported on
the kit and not the element at least
based on Intel's spec sheet they
provided us
there's no OS included which is actually
really interesting we don't really
typically see that I guess maybe with
the proliferation of free Windows 10
that's how it goes and then for the
sizing so the Nok extreme chassis which
is the other one that we don't have here
today but we'll look at later in the
show that chassis is 2 38 by 2 16 by 96
millimeters or if you prefer 9 point 4
by 8 point 5 by 3 point 8 inches if the
power supply they include if you get the
one with power supplies a 6 and an 8 pin
PCIe so you've got good enough PCI you
support 225 watts or so the element is
supposed to be probably about $1,500 the
Knox mini PC that we're looking at from
CyberPower so I should say the element
doesn't include everything to be really
clear about that you'd have to buy the
other part still the CyberPower one
which does include everything is looking
at about 26 $70 and that is including
the 20 atti and an 850 watt power supply
which two cooler masters credit it's an
awful lot of hardware and an extremely
small box so a lot of mini ITX cases we
were
with I mean they would be bigger than
this so pretty interesting stuff but
that's I think we'll probably cut it
there just for sake of time that's the
Intel Ghost Canyon knock or the knocks
many PC as by cyber power we will leave
additional information in the
description below if we get time to
write up the articles otherwise we'll
have some later coverage during this
Chow from cooler master suite
talking more about the case and from
Intel suite hopefully speaking with some
of the engineers about how they're doing
the PCIe routing and lane assignment
because that's really interesting but I
think the whole idea of socketable
computer is what I find most compelling
or interesting especially once you start
getting into the discussion of streaming
pcs and main game VCS will talk about
that more later thanks for watching
subscribe for more go to store documents
access dotnet that helps out directly or
patreon.com slash gamers Nexus I'll see
you all next time
[Music]